[Identity] Migration guide (#17796)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/migration-v1-v2.md

# Migrate from v1 to v2 of @azure/identity

[v2changelog]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md#200-2021-10-12

> [plugins]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md#200-2021-10-12#new-plugins-api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[plugins]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md#200-2021-10-12#plugin-api
```

Author: woah thank you!

[npm-keytar]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/keytar
[npm-vscode]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode

> Version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package includes the best parts of version 1, plus several improvements. This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from version 1 to version 2. For the full set of changes and bug fixes, refer to our [changelog][v2changelog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@azure/identity` v2 package includes the best parts of v1, plus several improvements. This document outlines the steps needed to migrate from v1 to v2. For the full set of changes and bug fixes, refer to the [changelog][v2changelog].
```

## Table of contents

- [Update packages](#update-packages)
  - [Update Identity package](#update-identity-package)
  - [Update dependencies for Visual Studio Code authentication](#update-visual-studio-code-authentication)
- [Update error handling](#update-error-handling)
  - [Update authentication error handling](#update-authentication-error-handling)
  - [Update error handling code for getToken calls](#update-error-handling-code-for-gettoken-calls)
  - [Update ClientCertificateCredential error handling](#update-clientcertificatecredential-error-handling)
- [Update app registration for browser authentication](#update-app-registration-for-browser-authentication)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Update packages

### Update Identity package

Run the following command to update to Identity v2:

```bash
npm install --save @azure/identity@^2.0.0
```

The *package.json* file key-value pair now resembles the following:

```diff
  "dependencies": {
-    "@azure/identity": "^1.5.2",
+    "@azure/identity": "^2.0.0",
  }
```

### Update dependencies for Visual Studio Code authentication

> If you use the `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, you likely have [keytar][npm-keytar] in your dependencies. `keytar` is a popular native machine-code (NMC) dependency in the Node.js ecosystem. NMC dependencies were removed from `@azure/identity` and put into individual packages. To use the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` with Identity v2, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: NMC -> Is this a popular abbreviation or something we made up? If it is not a well known abbreviation, then I would recommend not using it.

Author: I think it’s a .NET thing.

> # Migrating from v1 to v2 of @azure/identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrate from v1 to v2 of @azure/identity
```

> We're pleased to announce our version two ouf our package `@azure/identity`. Version two carries the best parts of version one, plus several improvements across the board. In this document we'll expand on the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're pleased to announce version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package. Version 2 carries the best parts of version 1, plus several improvements across the board. In this document, we'll expand upon the changes.
```

## Table of contents

> - [Node version support](#node-version-support).
> - [Dependency changes](#dependency-changes).
> - [Bug fixes](#bug-fixes).
> - [Errors](#errors).
> - [New credentials](#new-credentials).
> - [Changes to existing credentials](#changes-to-existing-credentials).
>   - [Changes to all credentials in general](#changes-to-all-credentials-ingeneral).
>   - [Changes to the interactive credentials](#changes-to-the-interactive-credentials).
>   - [Changes to ClientSecretCredential and ClientCertificateCredential](#changes-to-ClientSecretCredential-and-ClientCertificateCredential).
>   - [Changes to the ManagedIdentityCredential](#changes-to-the-ManagedIdentityCredential).
>   - [Changes to the InteractiveBrowserCredential](#changes-to-the-InteractiveBrowserCredential).
>   - [Changes to the AzureCliCredential](#changes-to-the-AzureCliCredential).
>   - [Changes to the DeviceCodeCredential](#changes-to-the-AzureCliCredential).
>   - [Changes to the VisualStudioCodeCredential](#changes-to-the-VisualStudioCodeCredential).
> - [Plugins](#plugins).
>   - [Persistence plugin](#persistence-plugin).
>   - [VisualStudioCodeCredential plugin](#VisualStudioCodeCredential-plugin).
> - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting).
> - [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback).
> - [Contributing](#contributing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node version support](#node-version-support)
- [Dependency changes](#dependency-changes)
- [Bug fixes](#bug-fixes)
- [Errors](#errors)
- [New credentials](#new-credentials)
- [Changes to existing credentials](#changes-to-existing-credentials)
  - [Changes to all credentials in general](#changes-to-all-credentials-ingeneral)
  - [Changes to the interactive credentials](#changes-to-the-interactive-credentials)
  - [Changes to ClientSecretCredential and ClientCertificateCredential](#changes-to-ClientSecretCredential-and-ClientCertificateCredential)
  - [Changes to the ManagedIdentityCredential](#changes-to-the-ManagedIdentityCredential)
  - [Changes to the InteractiveBrowserCredential](#changes-to-the-InteractiveBrowserCredential)
  - [Changes to the AzureCliCredential](#changes-to-the-AzureCliCredential)
  - [Changes to the DeviceCodeCredential](#changes-to-the-AzureCliCredential)
  - [Changes to the VisualStudioCodeCredential](#changes-to-the-VisualStudioCodeCredential)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [Persistent token cache plugin](#persistent-token-cache-plugin)
  - [VisualStudioCodeCredential plugin](#VisualStudioCodeCredential-plugin)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
```

## Node version support 

> While the last `@azure/identity` version to support Node 8 is 1.3.0, we've also decided to update `@types/node` to version 12. Read our [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the last `@azure/identity` version to support Node 8 is 1.3.0, we've also decided to update `@types/node` to version 12. For more details, read the [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).
```

## Dependency changes

> The version two of Azure Identity for JavaScript no longer carries any native dependencies (neither ordinary, peer, nor optional dependencies). Previous distributions of `@azure/identity` carried an optional dependency on `keytar`, which caused issues for some users in restrictive environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 of Azure Identity for JavaScript no longer includes native dependencies (neither ordinary, peer, nor optional dependencies). Previous distributions of `@azure/identity` included an optional dependency on `keytar`, which caused issues for some users in restrictive environments.
```

> Version two of the Azure Identity for JavaScript now also depends on the latest available versions of `@azure/msal-common`, `@azure/msal-node` and `@azure/msal-browser`. Our goal is to always be up to date with the MSAL versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 of Azure Identity for JavaScript now also depends on the latest available versions of `@azure/msal-common`, `@azure/msal-node`, and `@azure/msal-browser`. Our goal is to always be up-to-date with the MSAL versions.
```

> All of the credentials provided in the version two of our Identity package for Node now make use of the latest `@azure/msal-node`, and our `InteractiveBrowserCredential` now uses the latest `@azure/msal-node` on Node.js, and the latest `@azure/msal-browser` on the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All credentials provided in version 2 of the Identity package for Node.js now make use of the latest `@azure/msal-node`. `InteractiveBrowserCredential` now uses the latest `@azure/msal-node` on Node.js and the latest `@azure/msal-browser` on the browser.
```

Relying on the latest versions of MSAL comes with many benefits, but it has some considerations:

- For every new instance of all of the updated credentials, now they will do a first request to discover relevant endpoint metadata information from Azure.
- On the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` will now use the [Auth Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) with [PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) rather than [Implicit Grant Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow) to better support browsers with enhanced security restrictions. Read more on this in our [docs on Interactive Browser Credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/interactive-browser-credential.md).

## Bug fixes

> As part of our v2 release, we've fixed an issue in which `InteractiveBrowserCredential` on Node would sometimes cause the process to hang if there was no browser available.
> 
> We've also fixed an issue in which the `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST` environment variable was not properly picked up in Node.js.
> 
> Furthermore, `ClientSecretCredential`, `ClientCertificateCredential` and `UsernamePasswordCredential` now throw if the required parameters are not provided (even in JavaScript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v2 release fixes the following issues:

- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` on Node.js sometimes caused the process to hang if there was no browser available.
- The `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST` environment variable wasn't properly picked up in Node.js.

Furthermore, `ClientSecretCredential`, `ClientCertificateCredential`, and `UsernamePasswordCredential` now throw if the required parameters aren't provided (even in JavaScript).
```

## Errors

For our version two of Identity, we've renamed the error `CredentialUnavailable` to `CredentialUnavailableError`, to align with the naming convention used for error classes in the Azure SDKs in JavaScript.

> We've also introduced a new error: `AuthenticationRequiredError`, which will show up when a credential fails to authenticate silently and has the same impact on `ChainedTokenCredential` as the `CredentialUnavailableError` which is to allow the next credential in the chain to be tried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've also introduced a new error, named `AuthenticationRequiredError`. This error will show up when a credential fails to authenticate silently and has the same impact on `ChainedTokenCredential` as the `CredentialUnavailableError`, which is to allow the next credential in the chain to be tried.
```

> Most importantly, errors and logged excpetions may now point to our new troubleshooting guidelines, available here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most importantly, errors and logged exceptions may now point to our new troubleshooting guidelines, available here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md
```

## New credentials

> Our version two release of the `@azure/identity` package includes three new credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package includes three new credential types:
```

- `AzurePowerShellCredential`, which will use the authenticated user session from the `Az.Account` PowerShell module. This credential will attempt to use PowerShell Core by calling `pwsh`, and on Windows it will fall back to Windows PowerShell (`powershell`) if PowerShell Core is not available.
- `ApplicationCredential`, for use by applications which call into Microsoft Graph APIs and which have issues using `DefaultAzureCredential`. This credential is based on `EnvironmentCredential` and `ManagedIdentityCredential`.
- `OnBehalfOfCredential`, which allows users to authenticate through the [On-Behalf-Of authentication flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow).

## Changes to existing credentials

> For our version two of the Identity SDK for JavaScript and TypeScript, we've also included several improvements to our existent credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our version two of the Identity SDK for JavaScript and TypeScript, we've also included several improvements to our existing credentials.
```

- Removed the `postLogoutRedirectUri` from the options to the constructor for `InteractiveBrowserCredential`. This option was not being used since we don't have a way for users to log out yet.
- Enabled PKCE on `InteractiveBrowserCredential` for Node.js. [Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636) is a security feature that mitigates authentication code interception attacks.
- Added `LoginHint` property to `InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions` which allows a user name to be pre-selected for interactive logins. Setting this option skips the account selection prompt and immediately attempts to login with the specified account.

### Changes to the AzureCliCredential

For the version two of the Identity package, the `AzureCliCredential` now allow specifying a `tenantId`.

### Changes to the DeviceCodeCredential

For the version two of the Identity package, we have removed the protected method `getAzureCliAccessToken` from the public API of the `AzureCliCredential`. This method was only used internally, and is now obsolete.

### Changes to the VisualStudioCodeCredential

> For the version `2.0.0` of the `@azure/identity` package, we have moved the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` implementation from the public API into its own plugin package. On the public API, we've left only a stub of the original credential, that if used will throw a `CredentialUnavailableError` with information on how to enable it. Moving this credential away from the main package allow us to remove the `keytar` dependency, so now we can provide a main identity package with no binary dependencies. Information on the new plugin package comes in the following section, [plugins](#plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the version `2.0.0` of the `@azure/identity` package, we have moved the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` implementation from the public API into its own plugin package. On the public API, we've left only a stub of the original credential, that if used will throw a `CredentialUnavailableError` with information on how to enable it. Moving this credential away from the main package allow us to remove the `keytar` dependency, so now we can provide a main Identity package with no binary dependencies. Information on the new plugin package comes in the following section, [plugins](#plugins).
```

## Plugins

> As part of our `2.0.0` Identity release, we've released two new packages, `@azure/identity-cache-persistence`, which provides persistent token caching, and `@azure/identity-vscode`, which provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it through dependency injection. We're calling these packages _plugins_, and they are meant to extend the public API of the main `@azure/identity` package once they're enabled in your program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the Identity 2.0 release, we've released two new packages:

- `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` &mdash; Provides persistent token caching.
- `@azure/identity-vscode` &mdash; Provides the dependencies of `VisualStudioCodeCredential` and enables it through dependency injection.

These packages are called _plugins_. They're meant to extend the public API of the main `@azure/identity` package, once enabled in your app.
```

With this release, we've introduced a top-level method `useIdentityPlugin`. The function accepts a "plugin" as an argument, which is a function accepting a `context`. The plugin context is an internal part of the Azure Identity API, so it has an `unknown` type.

Let's explore these two plugins in more detail.

> ### Persistence plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Persistent token cache plugin
```

> The new [`@azure/identity-cache-persistence`](https://npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-cache-persistence) package provides a plugin to the Azure Identity library for JavaScript [`@azure/identity` that enables persistent token caching. Token cache persistence allows the built-in token cache to persist across sessions using a secure storage system provided by the local operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [`@azure/identity-cache-persistence`](https://npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-cache-persistence) package provides a plugin to the Azure Identity library for JavaScript that enables persistent token caching. Token cache persistence allows the built-in token cache to persist across sessions using a secure storage system provided by the local operating system.
```

> This package exports a plugin object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityPlugin` function from the `@azure/identity` package. Enable token cache persistence in your program as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package exports a plugin object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityPlugin` function from the `@azure/identity` package. Enable token cache persistence in your app as follows:
```

```javascript
import { useIdentityPlugin } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistencePlugin } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityPlugin(cachePersistencePlugin);
```

> After calling `useIdentityPlugin`, the persistent token cache plugin is registered to the `@azure/identity` package and will be available on all credentials that support persistent token caching (those that have `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` in their constructor options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calling `useIdentityPlugin`, the persistent token cache plugin is registered to the `@azure/identity` package. The plugin will be available on all credentials that support persistent token caching (those that have `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` in their constructor options).
```

Once the plugin is registered, you can enable token cache persistence by passing `tokenCachePersistenceOptions` with an `enabled` property set to `true` to a credential constructor. In the following example, we use the `DeviceCodeCredential`, since persistent caching of its tokens allows you to skip the interactive device-code authentication flow if a cached token is available.

```javascript
import { useIdentityPlugin, DeviceCodeCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { cachePersistencePlugin } from "@azure/identity-cache-persistence";

useIdentityPlugin(cachePersistencePlugin);

async function main() {
  const credential = new DeviceCodeCredential({
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions: {
      enabled: true
    }
  });

  // We'll use the Microsoft Graph scope as an example
  const scope = "https://graph.microsoft.com/.default";

  // Print out part of the access token
  console.log((await credential.getToken(scope)).token.substr(0, 10), "...");
}

main().catch((error) => {
  console.error("An error occurred:", error);
  process.exit(1);
});
```

### VisualStudioCodeCredential plugin

> The new [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode) package enables authentication through the "Azure Account" extension for Visual Studio Code. This plugin provides the dependencies of the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` in `@azure/identity` and allows using the `DefaultAzureCredential` to authenticate with the account used in the Visual Studio Code plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode) package enables authentication through the [Azure Account](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.azure-account) extension for Visual Studio Code. This plugin provides the dependencies of the `VisualStudioCodeCredential` in `@azure/identity` and allows using the `DefaultAzureCredential` to authenticate with the account used in the Visual Studio Code extension.
```

> This package exports a plugin object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityPlugin` function from the `@azure/identity` package. Enable token cache persistence in your program as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package exports a plugin object that you must pass as an argument to the top-level `useIdentityPlugin` function from the `@azure/identity` package. Enable token cache persistence in your app as follows:
```

import { vsCodePlugin } from "@azure/identity-vscode";

useIdentityPlugin(vsCodePlugin);

async function main() {
  // With the plugin enabled above, `DefaultAzureCredential` will use
  // Visual Studio Code's "Azure Account" extension to authenticate if
  // it is available.
  const credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();

  // This will print a JWT access_token and its expiration timestamp
  // The graph.microsoft.com scope is used as an example
  console.log("Token:", await credential.getToken("https://graph.microsoft.com/.default"));
}

main().catch((error) => {
  console.error("An error occurred:", error);
  process.exit(1);
});
```

## Troubleshooting

As part of our version two release, we're now providing a Troubleshooting Guide. This guide will be improved over time to include solutions to many common problems, as we discover them, and as they get reported to us by our customers. Upon throwing errors and exception logs, we're now pointing users to this troubleshooting guide. This guide is available through the following link: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md

> ## Provide Feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provide feedback
```

# Migrate from v1 to v2 of @azure/identity

Version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package includes the best parts of version 1, plus several improvements.

If you're moving from version 1 to version 2, you're in the right place. In this document we will show you what needs to be updated.

> For the full set of changes and bug fixes, please refer to our changelog: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md#200-2021-10-12

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the full set of changes and bug fixes, please refer to our [changelog](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md#200-2021-10-12)
```

## Table of contents

- [Update your package.json](#update-your-package-json)
- [Update the handling of authentication errors](#update-the-handling-of-authentication-errors).
- [Controlling interactive authentication](#controlling-interactive-authentication).
- [Changes to your browser authentication flow](#changes-to-your-browser-authentication-flow).
- [Asynchronous verification of certificates on ClientCertificateCredential](#asynchronous-verification-of-certificates-on-clientcertificatecredential).
- [Other changes to existing credentials](#other-changes-to-existing-credentials).
- [New Plugins API](#new-plugins-api)
  - [Persistent token cache plugin](#persistent-token-cache-plugin)
  - [VisualStudioCodeCredential plugin](#visualstudiocodecredential-plugin)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Update your package.json

First, make sure to update your package.json to point to the version 2 of Identity:

```diff
  "dependencies": {
-     "@azure/identity": "^1.5.2",
+     "@azure/identity": "^2.0.0"
  }
```

> If you're using the `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, you likely have `keytar` in your dependencies. Our version 2 of Identity does not have any binary dependency. We have moved these to new Plugin packages. To continue using the `VisualStudioCodeCredential`, please install the [`@azure/identity-vscode`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity-vscode) package.

Reviewer 2: `Update your package.json` section is something I would expect most customers to skip as they would know how to update their dependencies. They will miss out on this part where you are talking about VS Code credential.

I would recommend either removing the parts about updating package.json and renaming this section to reflect the changes to VS Code credential or add a separate section for VS Code credential

Author: I will do a significant update that might make you re-consider this. Give me some time to circle through these documents with Scott A. I’ll get back to you asap.

  - [Changes to the VisualStudioCodeCredential](#changes-to-the-visualstudiocodecredential)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
  - [Persistent token cache plugin](#persistent-token-cache-plugin)
  - [VisualStudioCodeCredential plugin](#visualstudiocodecredential-plugin)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Provide feedback](#provide-feedback)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Node.js version support 

While the last `@azure/identity` version to support Node.js 8 is 1.3.0, `@types/node` has been updated to version 12. For more details, read the [support policy](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/SUPPORT.md).

## Dependency changes

Version 2 of Azure Identity for JavaScript no longer includes native dependencies (neither ordinary, peer, nor optional dependencies). Previous distributions of `@azure/identity` included an optional dependency on `keytar`, which caused issues for some users in restrictive environments.

Version 2 of Azure Identity for JavaScript now also depends on the latest available versions of `@azure/msal-common`, `@azure/msal-node`, and `@azure/msal-browser`. Our goal is to always be up-to-date with the MSAL versions.

> All credentials provided in version 2 of the Identity package for Node.js now make use of the latest `@azure/msal-node`. `InteractiveBrowserCredential` now uses the latest `@azure/msal-node` on Node.js and the latest `@azure/msal-browser` on the browser.

Author: I’ll remove it!

> Relying on the latest versions of MSAL comes with many benefits, but it has some considerations:

Reviewer 2: Using the term "considerations" would imply that we are telling customers that they have a choice to make given these considerations. Or that they should hold off on moving to v2 due to these considerations. Where-as we want to encourage customers to upgrade. I would recommend the below change in words

```suggestion
Use of MSAL by the credentials brings the below changes in behavior:
```

> - For every new instance of all of the updated credentials, now they will do a first request to discover relevant endpoint metadata information from Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The initial authentication attempt in the lifetime of your application will include an additional request to first discover relevant endpoint metadata information from Azure.
```

> - On the browser, the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` will now use the [Auth Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) with [PKCE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7636) rather than [Implicit Grant Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow) to better support browsers with enhanced security restrictions. Read more on this in our [docs on Interactive Browser Credential](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/interactive-browser-credential.md).

Reviewer 2: This reads like an implementation detail and does not tell the customer if they have to do something different when moving to v2 if they have been on the browser.

Author: I will update this with instructions on how to create a new app registration or update the app registration in use. That should be the only change required by users.

> ## Bug fixes

Reviewer 2: Can we not point to the changelog instead?

Author: I’m now pointing to the changelog in the introductory paragraph 🤔 let me know how that looks.

The v2 release fixes the following issues:

- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` on Node.js sometimes caused the process to hang if there was no browser available.
- The `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST` environment variable wasn't properly picked up in Node.js.

Furthermore, `ClientSecretCredential`, `ClientCertificateCredential`, and `UsernamePasswordCredential` now throw if the required parameters aren't provided (even in JavaScript).

## Errors

For our version two of Identity, we've renamed the error `CredentialUnavailable` to `CredentialUnavailableError`, to align with the naming convention used for error classes in the Azure SDKs in JavaScript.

We've also introduced a new error, named `AuthenticationRequiredError`. This error will show up when a credential fails to authenticate silently and has the same impact on `ChainedTokenCredential` as the `CredentialUnavailableError`, which is to allow the next credential in the chain to be tried.

Most importantly, errors and logged exceptions may now point to the new [troubleshooting guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/Troubleshooting.md).

## New credentials

> Version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package includes three new credential types:

Reviewer 2: We will have more credentials in the future in v2. Unless we keep updating this doc every time we add a new credential, this section will get stale.

```suggestion
As of October 2021, version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package includes the below new credential types. More will be added in the future.
```

- `AzurePowerShellCredential`, which will use the authenticated user session from the `Az.Account` PowerShell module. This credential will attempt to use PowerShell Core by calling `pwsh`, and on Windows it will fall back to Windows PowerShell (`powershell`) if PowerShell Core is not available.
- `ApplicationCredential`, for use by applications which call into Microsoft Graph APIs and which have issues using `DefaultAzureCredential`. This credential is based on `EnvironmentCredential` and `ManagedIdentityCredential`.
- `OnBehalfOfCredential`, which allows users to authenticate through the [On-Behalf-Of authentication flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow).

## Changes to existing credentials

> For our version two of the Identity SDK for JavaScript and TypeScript, we've also included several improvements to our existing credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of the Identity SDK for JavaScript and TypeScript, we've also included several improvements to our existing credentials.
```

### Changes to all credentials in general

> For `@azure/identity` version 2.0.0, we've made some changes across credentials that will differ from the experience provided by our version one package. These changes are as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `@azure/identity` version 2.0.0, we've made some changes across credentials that will differ from the experience provided by our version one package. These changes are as follows:
```

- All credentials except `ManagedIdentityCredential` support enabling multi tenant authentication via the `allowMultiTenantAuthentication` option. If this option is set to `true` on any of the relevant credentials constructor, credentials will allow swapping the tenant ID originally specified in the constructor for a tenant ID received in the `GetTokenOptions`. You can read more about multitenancy [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/architecture/multitenant-identity/).
- When a token is not available, some credentials had the promise returned by the `getToken` method resolve with `null`, others had the `getToken` method throw the `CredentialUnavailable` error. This behavior is now made consistent across all credentials to throw the `CredentialUnavailable` error.
  - This change has no bearing on the user if all they ever did was create the credentials and pass it to the Azure SDKs.
  - This change affects only those users who called the `getToken()` method directly and did not handle resulting errors.

### Changes to the interactive credentials

> For our version two of Identity, we've made special changes to `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, `DeviceCodeCredential`, and `UsernamePasswordCredential`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of Identity, we've made changes to `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, `DeviceCodeCredential`, and `UsernamePasswordCredential`.
```

- You can now control when the credential requests user input with the new `disableAutomaticAuthentication` option added to the options you pass to the credential constructors.
  - When enabled, this option stops the `getToken()` method from requesting user input in case the credential is unable to authenticate silently.

>   - If `getToken()` fails to authenticate without user interaction, and `disableAutomaticAuthentication` has been set to true, a new error will be thrown: `AuthenticationRequired`. You may use this error to identify scenarios when manual authentication needs to be triggered (with `authenticate()`, as described in the next point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If `getToken()` fails to authenticate without user interaction, and `disableAutomaticAuthentication` has been set to `true`, a new `AuthenticationRequired` error will be thrown. You may use this error to identify scenarios when manual authentication needs to be triggered (with `authenticate()`, as described in the next point).
```

> - A new method `authenticate()` is added to these credentials which is similar to `getToken()`, but it does not read the `disableAutomaticAuthentication` option described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new method `authenticate()` is added to these credentials, which is similar to `getToken()`, but it doesn't read the `disableAutomaticAuthentication` option described above.
```

>   - Use this to get an `AuthenticationRecord` which you can then use to create new credentials that will re-use the token information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use this to get an `AuthenticationRecord` which you can then use to create new credentials that will reuse the token information.
```

>   - `authenticate()` might succeed and still return `undefined` if we're unable to pick just one account record from the cache. This might happen if the cache is being used by more than one credential, or if multiple users have authenticated using the same Client ID and Tenant ID. To ensure consistency on a program with many users, please keep track of the `AuthenticationRecord` and provide them in the constructors of the credentials on initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `authenticate()` might succeed and still return `undefined` if we're unable to pick just one account record from the cache. This might happen if the cache is being used by more than one credential, or if multiple users have authenticated using the same Client ID and Tenant ID. To ensure consistency on a program with many users, keep track of the `AuthenticationRecord` and provide them in the constructors of the credentials on initialization.
```

> - We've also provided two new methods `serializeAuthenticationRecord` and `deserializeAuthenticationRecord`. They allow an authenticated account retrieved by the `authenticate()` method to be stored as a string and re-used in another credential at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've also provided two new methods: `serializeAuthenticationRecord` and `deserializeAuthenticationRecord`. They allow an authenticated account retrieved by the `authenticate()` method to be stored as a string and reused in another credential at any time.
```

> A sample using the `DeviceCodeCredential` follows. Keep in mind that this example uses the `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` package, which we will discuss in more detail in the [plugins](#plugins) section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample using the `DeviceCodeCredential` follows. Keep in mind that this example uses the `@azure/identity-cache-persistence` package, which is discussed in the [plugins](#plugins) section:
```

    // To be able to re-use the account, the Token Cache must also have been provided.
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions
  });

  const account = await firstCredential.authenticate(`https://servicebus.azure.net/.default`);

  accountCache = serializeAuthenticationRecord(account);
  
  // The `account` variable could be used directly, but to showcase the serialization, we will deserialize the `accountCache` string variable.

  const secondCredential = new DeviceCodeCredential({
    // authenticationRecord: account // could also be used
    authenticationRecord: deserializeAuthenticationRecord(accountCache),
    // To be able to re-use the account, the Token Cache must also have been provided.
    tokenCachePersistenceOptions
  });

  // This getToken method will use the already retrieved credential. It will retrieve it from the cache, and it won't prompt users to authenticate using the typical device code interactive flow.
  const accessToken = await secondCredential.getToken(`https://servicebus.azure.net/.default`)
  console.log({ accessToken });
}

main();
```

### Changes to ClientSecretCredential and ClientCertificateCredential

> For our version two of the `@azure/identity` package, we've added regional STS support to the `ClientSecretCredential` and the `ClientCertificateCredential`. First, we've added a new enum type called `RegionalAuthority`, which contains values for all of the possible regions supported by Azure. Then, we've added a new property called `regionalAuthority` to the `ClientSecretCredentialOptions` and the `ClientCertificateCredentialOptions`, however the Azure region can also be specified through the `AZURE_REGIONAL_AUTHORITY_NAME` environment variable. If instead of a region, `AutoDiscoverRegion` is specified as the value for `regionalAuthority`, MSAL will be used to attempt to discover the region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package, we've added regional STS support to the `ClientSecretCredential` and the `ClientCertificateCredential`. First, we've added a new enum type called `RegionalAuthority`, which contains values for all of the possible regions supported by Azure. Then, we've added a new property called `regionalAuthority` to the `ClientSecretCredentialOptions` and the `ClientCertificateCredentialOptions`. However, the Azure region can also be specified through the `AZURE_REGIONAL_AUTHORITY_NAME` environment variable. If instead of a region, `AutoDiscoverRegion` is specified as the value for `regionalAuthority`, MSAL will be used to attempt to discover the region.
```

For `ClientCertificateCredential` specifically, now the validity of the PEM certificate is evaluated on `getToken` and not on the constructor.

### Changes to the ManagedIdentityCredential

> For our version two of the Identity package, the `ManagedIdentityCredential` now retries with exponential back-off when a request for a token fails with a 404 status code on environments with available IMDS endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of the Identity package, the `ManagedIdentityCredential` now retries with exponential back-off when a request for a token fails with a 404 status code on environments with available IMDS endpoints.
```

Besides that:

- The default client ID used for `InteractiveBrowserCredential` was viable only in Node.js and not for the browser. Therefore, client Id is now a required parameter when constructing this credential in browser applications.
- The browser-specific constructor options like `loginStyle` will now show up only when used in browser applications as these were never applicable to Node.js.
- Removed the `postLogoutRedirectUri` from the options to the constructor for `InteractiveBrowserCredential`. This option was not being used since we don't have a way for users to log out yet.
- Enabled PKCE on `InteractiveBrowserCredential` for Node.js. [Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636) is a security feature that mitigates authentication code interception attacks.
- Added `LoginHint` property to `InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions` which allows a user name to be pre-selected for interactive logins. Setting this option skips the account selection prompt and immediately attempts to login with the specified account.

### Changes to the AzureCliCredential

> For the version two of the Identity package, the `AzureCliCredential` now allow specifying a `tenantId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of the Identity package, the `AzureCliCredential` now allows specifying a `tenantId`.
```

### Changes to the DeviceCodeCredential

> For the version two of the Identity package, we have removed the protected method `getAzureCliAccessToken` from the public API of the `AzureCliCredential`. This method was only used internally, and is now obsolete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For version 2 of the Identity package, we have removed the protected method `getAzureCliAccessToken` from the public API of the `AzureCliCredential`. This method was only used internally and is now obsolete.
```
